1. Conference SIGCOMM_0:
   
  
 Welcome to SIGCOMM 2025  
 ACM SIGCOMM is the flagship annual conference of the ACM Special Interest Group on Data Communication (SIGCOMM). ACM SIGCOMM 2025, the 39th edition of the conference series, will be held in Coimbra, Portugal  , September 8 - 11, 2025.  
  Notification  
   
 The host of the conference will be the University of Coimbra and the venue is going to be the | São Francisco Convent | in Coimbra, Portugal. 
   News  
   
 Stay tuned   
    
 Call for Poster & Demo   
   
 December 13, 2024   
    
 Call for Tutorial and Hackathon Proposals  is published   
   
 October 23, 2024   
    
 Call for Workshop Proposals  is published   
   
 October 04, 2024   
    
 Call for papers  is published   
   
 October 04, 2024   
    
 First version of website is live   
   
  Deadlines  
   
 Stay tuned   
    
 Call for Poster & Demo   
   
 April 20, 2025   
    
 Call for Tutorial and Hackathon  : Proposal submission   
   
 February 18, 2025   
    
 Call for Workshop  : Proposal submission   
   
 January 31, 2025   
    
 Main Track CFP  : Paper submission   
   
 January 24, 2025   
    
 Main Track CFP  : Abstract registration   

  
Call for Papers data:
   
  
 Call For Papers  
 The ACM SIGCOMM 2025 conference seeks papers describing significant research contributions or significant deployment experiences in communication networks and networked systems. SIGCOMM takes a broad view of networking which includes (but is not limited to):  
  
  All types of computer networks, including mobile, wide-area, data center, embedded, home, and enterprise networks. 
  All types of wired and wireless technologies, including optics, radio, acoustic, and visible light-based communication. 
  All aspects of networks and networked systems, such as network architecture, packet-switched and circuit-switched hardware and software, virtualization, mobility, resource management, performance, energy consumption and environmental impact, topology, robustness, security, diagnosis, verification, privacy, economics, evolution, and interactions with applications. 
  All parts of the network life cycle, including planning, designing, building, operating, troubleshooting, migrations, and end-of-life. 
  All approaches and techniques, including theory, analysis, experimentation, and AI/machine learning. 
   
  SIGCOMM 2025 will accept submissions in two  tracks: research and experience.  
  
  Strong research track  submissions will significantly advance the state of the art in networking by, for instance, proposing and developing novel ideas or by rigorously evaluating or re-evaluating existing ideas. Strong experience track  submissions will present key insights found in the course of executing deployments of networking techniques, especially in settings that most in the community cannot duplicate (for instance, for reasons of scale). Survey  and tutorial  papers are out of scope.  
  
  All submissions must be anonymous  , i.e., not reveal author names. Experience submissions, however, may reveal the name of the deploying organization or the deployed system. All authors must be listed in HotCRP before the submission deadline so that reviewer conflicts are handled properly.  
  
  At paper registration time, authors must explicitly choose in the submission form whether their paper is to be considered for the research, or experience track. Each submission will only be considered for the one track identified at submission time.  
  Submissions  
   
 Submissions should be in two-column, 10-point format, and can be up to 12 pages in length with as many additional pages as necessary for references and optional appendices.  
  
  Submissions and final papers may include appendices (following references, not counting against the 12 pages). Reviewers are not required to read appendices or consider them in their review. Authors should thus ensure that the core paper is complete and self-contained. For example, if the appendix provides details of a proof or experiment, the body should summarize the key result. Appendices may also include non-traditional material, such as videos, datasets, and code, all appropriately anonymized.  
  
  Accepted papers may be shepherded by a member of the program committee to ensure reviewer feedback is appropriately addressed. The shepherd will also review appendices and must approve their necessity.  
  
  SIGCOMM 2025 plans to be an in-person event, and the authors of every accepted paper are expected to arrange for an in-person attendee to present the paper and answer questions.  
  
  For accepted papers, the official publication date is the earlier among (1) the first day of the SIGCOMM conference or (2) the day that the proceedings are made available in the ACM Digital Library or posted online at SIGCOMM.org. This date may be up to two weeks prior to the first day of the conference and may affect the deadline for any patent filings related to published work.  
  
  Detailed submission instructions can be found on the SIGCOMM 2025 website.  
  
  Submission site: https://sigcomm25.hotcrp.com   
  Non-paper Sessions  
   
 We are continuing the tradition of “non-paper” sessions created in 2024. Non-paper sessions bring together a group of speakers to present on topics relevant to the SIGCOMM community that are not research or experience papers. Topics may include (but are not limited to) discussions of the research process, networking education and teaching, mentorship, history of networking, or outreach to members of the broader networking community not normally included within the SIGCOMM conference. Non-paper sessions will be selected from submissions of short proposals, the details of which will be on the SIGCOMM 2025 website.  
  New this year  
   
 SIGCOMM shorts:  A small number of the submissions will be invited to present a “lightning” talk at SIGCOMM’25 and a shorter version of the submission which will be included in the conference proceedings (up to two pages excluding references and appendices). The goal of SIGCOMM shorts is to provide a venue for submissions that could not be accepted in their larger form but nevertheless were considered to be promising by the program committee. At submission time, authors may explicitly indicate if their submission can be considered as a short. SIGCOMM “shorts” will not be considered conference publications, and as such conference-length papers that overlap with the content in a “short” can be submitted to other conferences. Please consult the ACM SIGCOMM policy  on considerations for reviewing extended papers.  
  
  One-shot revision:  A small number of submissions may be invited to a one-shot revision. Such a revision decision includes a summary of the paper's merits and a list of necessary changes that are required for the paper to be accepted at SIGCOMM. Authors will be given a deadline (approximately 1.5 months after the revision request is issued) to submit a version of their work addressing all revision instructions. This process will be managed by a shepherd selected by the PC. The authors will be invited to resubmit a revised manuscript that addresses the referees’ comments. Upon resubmission, authors are encouraged to provide a point-by-point rebuttal to the points raised by the referees, a version of the manuscript in which changes are suitably marked, and a list of changes made to the manuscript. In the rebuttal to the referees, authors should be succinct, yet thorough. The revised paper will be reviewed to judge whether it addresses all of the requested revision requirements. This review will be conducted, to the extent possible, by the same reviewers as earlier. To enable this, PC members who give one-shot-revision decisions are obligated to participate in the revision process. Revised papers can only receive a decision of accept or reject; this is what makes the revisions "one-shot."  
  
  A revise-and-resubmit decision is not a guarantee for eventual acceptance. While revised papers that satisfy the revision instructions are expected to be accepted, they can be rejected if the revision instructions have not been fully addressed or if the revised version unveils new significant concerns that were not discovered during the earlier reviews.  
  
  During the revision period, the paper is still considered under review to SIGCOMM and therefore cannot be submitted to other conferences unless the authors first withdraw it from consideration.  
  Ethics and Policy  
   
 All papers must include, in the main body of the paper, a statement or subsection about ethical issues raised by the work. In limited cases this could simply be a sentence disclaiming ethical issues, but work involving human subjects or potentially sensitive data (e.g., user traffic, social network information, censorship evasion) must clearly discuss the relevant issues. Papers that do not include an ethics statement may be rejected.  
  
  Papers must follow basic precepts of ethical research and subscribe to community norms. Misrepresentation, plagiarism, and coercion and abuse related to authorship or review are unacceptable at SIGCOMM. Works must also show respect for norms around privacy, secure storage of sensitive data, voluntary and informed consent for human subjects and users who might be placed at risk, avoiding deceptive practices when not essential, beneficence (maximizing the benefits to an individual or to society while minimizing potential harm to an individual), and risk mitigation. Authors may want to consult the Menlo Report  and the ACM ethics policy  for further information on ethical principles, and they may find the Allman/Paxson paper in IMC 2007  helpful for a perspective on ethical data sharing.  
  
  Authors should also consult ACM Publications Policies  and ACM Policy on Authorship  , especially those around Authors; Plagiarism, Misrepresentation, and Falsification; Research Involving Human Subjects; Prior Publication and Simultaneous Submissions; Coercion and Abuse; and the use of Generative AI in papers. Carefully review the following statements:  
 “By submitting your article to an ACM Publication, you are hereby acknowledging that you and your co-authors are subject to all ACM Publications Policies, including ACM's new | Publications Policy on Research Involving Human Participants and Subjects | . Alleged violations of this policy or any ACM Publications Policy will be investigated by ACM and may result in a full retraction of your paper, in addition to other potential penalties, as per ACM Publications Policy.” 
  “Please ensure that you and your co-authors | obtain an ORCID ID | , so you can complete the publishing process for your accepted paper. ACM has been involved in ORCID from the start and we have recently made a | commitment to collect ORCID IDs from all of our published authors | . We are committed to improve author discoverability, ensure proper attribution and contribute to ongoing community efforts around name normalization; your ORCID ID will help in these efforts.” 
   
  Many organizations have an ethics review process, sometimes called an Institutional Review Board (IRB), and in many projects, IRB involvement is appropriate. IRB approval of research is an important factor and should be mentioned, but the program committee will independently evaluate the ethical soundness of the work just as they evaluate its technical soundness.  
  
  The Program Committee takes a broad view of what constitutes an ethical concern, and the PC chairs may reach out to authors during the review process if questions arise.  
  Artifact Evaluation for Accepted Papers  
   
 The authors of accepted SIGCOMM 2025 papers will be invited to submit supporting materials to the Artifact Evaluation process. Artifact Evaluation is run by a separate committee that will assess how well the submitted artifacts support the work described in the accepted papers. Participation in Artifact Evaluation is voluntary and has no influence on paper acceptance, but it is strongly encouraged. Papers that go through the Artifact Evaluation process successfully will receive badges printed on the papers themselves. Additional details on the Artifact Evaluation process can be found on the SIGCOMM 2025 website.  
  Important Dates  

 Abstract registration deadline | Friday January 24, 2025 23:59 UTC 
 Paper submission deadline | Friday January 31, 2025 23:59 UTC 
 Review results’ notification | Tuesday April 29, 2025 
 One-shot revision deadline | Friday June 27, 2025 
 Revision results’ notification | Friday July 11, 2025 
 Camera-ready deadline | (To be announced) 
 Conference | September 8 – 11, 2025 

  Contact the PC Chairs 

  
Important Dates data:
No Important Dates data found.

2. Conference SENSYS_0:
    
   Homepage 
  Call for Papers 
  Committees | Organization 
  Technical Program Committee 
  PC Self Nomination 
  Program 
  Sponsors 

 ACM SenSys 2025  
  6 - 9 May  Irvine, USA   
 The 23rd ACM Conference on  
  Embedded Networked Sensor Systems   
 In transition to Conference on  
  Embedded Artificial Intelligence and Sensing Systems    

 Announcement from the Joint  
  SenSys, IPSN, and IoTDI Steering Committee  
 We are excited to announce the plans of merging three  leading conferences — SenSys, IPSN, and IoTDI — into a single premier event under the new name SenSys: Embedded Artificial Intelligence and Sensing Systems  . This unified conference will focus on advancing research at the intersection of sensing systems and embedded artificial intelligence. Originating from distinct yet complementary research areas, these three conferences have driven innovation across multiple disciplines, including sensor networks, embedded systems, mobile computing, wireless communication, signal processing, data science, and AI-driven applications. As intelligent sensing systems continue to permeate diverse research domains, the necessity for a unified, high-impact forum has become apparent. The newly expanded SenSys conference will provide a comprehensive platform where researchers and industry professionals can converge to present state-of-the-art research, exchange novel ideas, address key challenges, and shape the future of the field.   
 SenSys'25 will continue as a SenSys event (Conference on Embedded Networked Sensor Systems)  , while the merger with IPSN and IoTDI is pending final approvals of the ACM and the IEEE  . SenSys'25 will bring the three communities together and mark an important milestone in the transition toward a fully unified conference. The merger will be finalized as soon as the necessary approvals and structure are in place. SenSys 2025 will be collocated with CPS-IoT Week 2025, providing a unique opportunity for interdisciplinary exchange. All accepted papers in 2025 will be published in the ACM SenSys proceedings. In addition, we are exploring the possibility of introducing multiple submission deadlines in the future.   

 Latest News  
 11/07/2024    
 Abstract registration is now optional.     

 Abstract registration before paper submission is now optional. Papers can now be registered before submission deadline on November 14, 2024, 23:59 AoE. ACM SenSys 2025 Submission System    

  10/14/2024    
 TPC self-nomination is open.     

 ACM SenSys 2025 now welcomes applications to be a member of the TPC. Application deadline is on Monday October 28th, 2024. View TPC self-nomination page    

  10/13/2024    
 Paper submission system is open.     

 Abstract registration deadline is on November 7, 2024, 23:59 AoE. Paper submission deadline is on November 14, 2024, 23:59 AoE. ACM SenSys 2025 Submission System    

  10/10/2024    
 New topic in call for papers.     

 ACM SenSys 2025 now welcomes submissions on the topic of "Visions, Experiences, Tools, Datasets, and Benchmarks". For this new topic, authors may choose to submit either as a full paper (12 pages) or a short paper (6 pages). More info in CFP    

  10/1/2024    
 ACM SenSys 2025 call for paper is live.     

 ACM SenSys 2025 invites submissions on a broad range of topics that have been covered by SenSys, IPSN, and IoTDI, and new emerging topics of interest. Please visit CFP for more details. View CFP    

 Important Dates  
  
 Paper Registration and Abstract | November 7, 2024, 23:59 AoE    
 November 14, 2024, 23:59 AoE 
 Paper Submission | November 14, 2024, 23:59 AoE 
 Notification of Paper Acceptance | January 21, 2025 
 Conference | May 6-9, 2025 

 © ACM SenSys 2025: The 23rd ACM Conference on Embedded Networked Sensor Systems  
  Template by Xiaoying Riley     
  
  
Call for Papers data:
    
   Homepage 
  Call for Papers 
  Committees | Organization 
  Technical Program Committee 
  PC Self Nomination 
  Program 
  Sponsors 

 2025 ACM SenSys Call for Papers  
 ACM SenSys 2025 will mark the inaugural combined event, merging SenSys, IPSN, and IoTDI, forming the single premier conference in the area of Embedded Artificial Intelligence and Sensing Systems. Due to time required for institutional approvals, this year’s SenSys will retain the current name (Conference on Embedded Networked Sensor Systems) and will be collocated with CPS-IoT Week 2025. All accepted papers this year will be published in the ACM SenSys proceedings.   
 SenSys 2025 invites groundbreaking research contributions on networked sensor systems, embedded systems, mobile computing, the Internet of Things (IoT), wireless communications, signal processing, machine learning, cyber-physical systems, and AI-driven applications. This newly merged premier conference unifies the strengths of SenSys, IoTDI, and IPSN, bringing together researchers and practitioners from academia, industry, and government to discuss innovative advances in sensing, artificial intelligence, and systems that enable future embedded computing environments.  
   
 Topics of Interest:  
 We invite submissions on a broad range of topics that have been covered by SenSys, IPSN, and IoTDI, and new emerging topics of interest. The topics of interest include, but are not limited to:  
 1. Sensors and Networked Sensing Systems   
 Novel sensor technologies and deployments 
  Heterogeneous sensor networks and data fusion 
  Edge computing, fog computing, and real-time IoT/CPS systems 
  Localization, synchronization, RFID, and RF sensing 
  VLC and visible light-based sensing 
  Digital twins for real-world systems and applications 
   
 2. Platforms, Networking, and Communication Protocols   
 New communication paradigms for ubiquitous connectivity 
  Systems for extreme environments (e.g., underwater, aerial, space) 
  Low-power wireless protocols 
  Novel IoT protocols and network abstractions, including for 5G/6G and other architectures 
  Satellite systems and applications, including CubeSats 
   
 3. Embedded AI, Information Processing, and Machine Learning   
 Resource-efficient machine learning for embedded and mobile platforms 
  Information processing in sensor networks and embedded systems 
  Large foundational models and their distillation to edge platforms 
  Large language models and multi-modal large models for embedded systems 
  Federated learning, neural architecture search for edge devices 
  Collaborative sensing with AI-driven inference models 
   
 4. Algorithms, Data, and Theory   
 Analytic foundations for embedded sensing systems 
  Data related issues, such as methods, tools, and analysis 
  Coding, compression, and information theory 
  Theoretical foundations and fundamental bounds 
   
 5. Applications and Real-world Deployments   
 Smart cities, smart buildings, and industrial IoT (IIoT) 
  AR/VR and metaverse-inspired challenges 
  Autonomous vehicles, unmanned aerial vehicles (UAVs), and drones 
  Applications in healthcare, fitness, and wellness 
  Personal, wearable, and other human-centric embedded systems 
  Experiences from real-world deployments and lessons learned 
   
 6. Security, and Privacy in Embedded Sensing Systems   
 Secure and privacy-sensitive sensing systems 
  IoT data marketplaces, compression, and semantic summarization 
  Decentralization and blockchain for embedded sensing systems 
  Secure communications for the IoT 
  Fault-tolerance, dependability, and robustness in embedded platforms and applications 
  Fairness, equity, and transparency issues in IoT and CPS 
   
 7. Novel Paradigms and Architectures for Embedded Sensing Systems   
 Energy-efficient, sustainable system designs 
  Edge AI and its implications for system latency, power, and complexity 
  Human-machine interaction, including gesture recognition and voice-based systems 
  IoT and CPS for sustainability, such as smart grids and energy management 
   
 8. Visions, Experiences, Tools, Datasets, and Benchmarks (Optional Short Paper Format)   
 Visions, grand challenges, or new directions 
  Experiences, insights, challenges, and lessons learned from real-world deployments 
  Benchmarks for evaluating systems, models, algorithms, or tools 
  Tools, toolkits, or frameworks that advance research in embedded AI and sensing systems 
  Datasets that support research in embedded AI and sensing systems 
   
 Authors submitting papers in the 8th category (Visions, Experiences, Tools, Datasets, and Benchmarks) may choose to submit either as a full paper (12 pages) or a short paper (6 pages). Short papers will be evaluated based on the originality of their ideas, potential impact, and clarity of presentation, even without extensive evaluations. Similar to full papers, accepted short papers will be presented orally at the conference.   
   
 Submission Guidelines:  
 Submitted papers must be unpublished and must not be currently under review for any other publication. Submissions must be at most 12 (full papers) or 6 (short papers) single-spaced 8.5” x 11” pages  with 10-pt font size (override default font of 9-pt) in two-column format, including figures and tables.  As for references, submissions may include as many pages as needed. All submissions must use the LaTeX (preferred) or Word styles found here  . LaTeX submissions should use the acmart.cls template (sigconf option), with the 10-pt font (override default font of 9-pt). Authors must make a good faith effort to anonymize their submissions. Although submission is double-blind, existence or availability of non-anonymous preprints (on arXiv or other preprint servers) will not lead to your paper being rejected. Reviewers will be instructed not to actively look for such preprints, but encountering them will not constitute a conflict of interest. Papers that do not meet the size, formatting, and anonymization requirements will not be reviewed. We require each paper to be in Adobe Portable Document Format (PDF) and submitted through the conference submission system.  
   
  Papers that describe experiments on human subjects, or that analyze nonpublic data derived from human subjects (even anonymized data), should briefly describe how the research protocol addresses ethical considerations and whether their work was vetted by an ethics review (e.g., IRB approval). We expect authors to follow the rules of their host institutions around data collection and experiments with human subjects. Accepted submissions will be available on the ACM digital library and presented in person at the conference.   
 SenSys 2025 Conference Submission System   
   
 Important Dates:  
 Abstract Registration:  November 7, 2024 23:59 AoE  November 14, 2024 23:59 AoE  
 Paper Submission Deadline:  November 14, 2024 23:59 AoE  
 Acceptance Notification:  January 21, 2025  

 © ACM SenSys 2025: The 23rd ACM Conference on Embedded Networked Sensor Systems  
  Template by Xiaoying Riley     
  
  
Important Dates data:
No Important Dates data found.

